hi this is Ford Thurston for digitech
today we're it's a mash we're hanging
out playing guitar through the trio band
creator I'm running it right now through
the amplifier so it'll be a little bit
distorted I'm running my whole signal
chain through this as if I was at home
just jamming what I'm going to do now is
play a change here I engaged it right
there the learn light is on I have it
set in the jazz setting with an upright
bass I'm going to play a change and now
the band will accompany me
there you go awesome I can take this
external switch right here the FS 3x
what I'm going to do is I'm going to
take it to the time signature of six oh
yeah really cool I'm going to turn on
the dod overdrive preamp 250 the dod by
my fat boost words Hana delay and reverb
it's a really simple box it gives you
the ability to sit at home and play over
changes helps you with songwriting you
can record anything you want from
country rock to funk you can go into
reggae R&B you can take whatever you
recorded you can change it that's what
the jazz setting that's a P based on a
regular kit it's rock I could take the
all rock and change it to reggae great
pedal has a headphone out on it with a
volume control with a built-in amplifier
for each on or different sounding
preamps and whatnot you can store up to
three songs you have seven genres of
music a half time alternate switch so
watch this takes that and a half time
back to normal it has the external
output switch so you'll have to bend
over and do that stuff you can stop it
from here
I can start it I can change all my
sounds I can make a shuffle there it is
the trio band creator helps younger
people with being able to sit at home
and really work on their chops rather
than just only play into a metronome
great for songwriting live performance
writing songs it does everything I've
been using it now for a while it's the
best pedal out there so go to Sam mash
and pick yourself lemon don't don't
hesitate to a good start with jammin and
we good day